SpaceGame
by Dan Hatch

SpaceGame is a game where you must protect your home world from an alien
invansion and drifting asteroids. The player must pilot his spaceship to destroy
enemy spaceships and asteroids, protect allied ships, and pickup more ammo.

The game is comprised of the player's spaceship, a home world, the planet's
moon, alien spaceships, ally ships, various asteroids, lasers, and rockets.
The background depicts stars and galaxies. Sounds are played when acquiring more
ammo, firing, or blowing something up.

When any object in the game that has health (spaceship, ufo, asteroid) is
destroyed (health <= 0), an explosion sound is played. When a player, or ufo
fires a laser, there will be an accompanying sound. When the player picks up
rocket or laser ammo, there will be a pickup sound that is played. 

The player uses the arrow keys to control the spaceship. The controls are
relative to the spaceship's orientation. The Left key will cause the ship to
turn left, the Right key will turn it right. The Up key is used to thrust the
spaceship forward. The Space key is used to fire the current weapon, if there
is enough ammo. Finally, the Shift key can be pressed to switch the current
weapon. If the player runs out of ammo, the weapon will automatically be
switched. F1 will bring up a description about the game.

The game starts with your spaceship, home planet, and some asteroids floating
around. After about 6 seconds, the first alien spaceship will appear, traveling
towards your home planet. The majority of the game is just destroying as many
alien spaceships as you can. The game ends successfully if you destroy all of
the alien ships. The game ends in failure if either your spaceship is destroyed,
or you home planet is destroyed.

The game gets harder as more spaceships appear and appear more often. The
fastest the spaceships are allowed to appear is 3/4ths of a second. Alien ships
will either shoot and fly towards you or your home planet. During gameplay
asteroids and ammo packs will also spawn. Ally cargo ships will also randomly
appear, and if they reach the planet, the player will gain big points.
You win each round once all enemy space ships have been destroyed.
Your final score is a function of your spaceships health, the home planets
health, ammo pickups, and the number of allies protected.




